CANADIAN TIRE CORPORATION
CODE OF CONDUCTGREG HICKS  
PRESIDENT AND CEO,  
CANADIAN TIRE CORPORATION, LTD. 
For more than a century , Canadians 
have trusted us. This trust was 
instilled by our founders, A.J. and 
J.W . Billes, who believed in striving 
always to make things better for 
their customers, communities, and 
employees. Today , Canadians trust 
us not only to have the products they 
want and need but also to act and 
make decisions consistent with our 
Brand Purpose – that We Are Here 
to Make Life in Canada Better.  
We know trust is one of  our most precious assets. As 
the foundation of  Canadians’ emotional connection 
with our brand, it is up to all of  us to protect, 
maintain, and grow trust. We do this by embracing 
our Brand Purpose and Core Values while behaving 
according to our Code of  Conduct. By acting with 
honesty , integrity , and respect, we can reinforce trust 
and deepen the emotional connection all Canadians 
– including you – have with our brand. Our world continues to change at an accelerating 
rate, and with that comes new challenges, 
opportunities, and risks. As members of  the CTC 
team, we all represent this iconic Canadian company 
and must take personal responsibility for stewarding 
its legacy into the next 100 years. Please read 
this document thoroughly , as it provides critical 
information and resources regarding ethical conduct.   
Thank you for building trust and making life in 
Canada better for our customers, communities,  
and each other.
Best,
Greg Hicks
President and CEO
Canadian Tire CorporationA Message  
from the CEO
2
c o d e  o f c o n d u c t Commitment 2
 WE SAFEGUARD OUR COMPANY  
 ASSETS, INFORMATION  
 AND REPUTATION
 Brand and Reputation  .................. 10
 Confidential Information  ............ 12
 Commitment 4
 WE CONTRIBUTE TO THE  
 COMMUNITIES IN WHICH  
 WE OPERATE
 Charities  ....................................... 19
 Political Activity  ........................... 20
 Environment and Sustainability  ..20
 Reporting
 Obligation to Report  .................... 21
 Immediately Reportable Criteria  .22
 Contact Information  ................... 23 
 Glossary  ...................................... 24
 Related Policies  ............................ 25 Introduction
 Scope  .............................................. 4
 Roles & Accountabilities  ................ 5
 The Canadian Tire Commitments  .7
 Commitment 1
 WE TREAT OTHERS AS WE  
 WOULD LIKE TO BE TREATED  
 Workplace Health and Safety  ........ 8
 Respect in the Workplace  .............. 9
 Commitment 3
 WE CONDUCT OUR BUSINESS  
 HONESTLY AND WITH INTEGRITY  
 Financial Reporting  ..................... 14
 Illegal Activities  ........................... 15
 Competition  ................................. 16
 Conflicts of Interest  ..................... 17Contents
3
c o d e  o f c o n d u c t 
The Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited (“CTC”) Code of  Conduct (the “Code”) describes the standards of  
conduct required of  Employees (full-time, part-time and temporary), Directors and Independent Contractors 
of  CTC and its subsidiaries. The Code is your first point of  reference if  you are facing an ethical situation and 
need guidance on what steps to take. If  there is something in this Code that you do not understand, or if  you 
require additional guidance, you can ask your Manager, Business Unit Executive or the Triangle Ethics Office 
(TEO) for advice. The Glossary at the end of  this document contains definitions of  key terms, along with a list 
of  Related Policies.Introduction
TO WHOM DOES IT APPLY 
The Code is applicable to all Employees and 
Directors and Independent Contractors while 
conducting business on behalf  of, or for CTC.
The Code does not apply to Dealers and franchise 
owners or their respective Employees, where 
requirements on ethical conduct are detailed  
in contractual agreements.
All suppliers conducting business with, or on  
behalf  of  CTC, must adhere to the Supplier  
Code of  Conduct.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE CODE
An annual acknowledgement and 
confirmation that the Code has been  read must be provided by all Employees, Directors 
and Independent Contractors.
COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE
Employees will be required to complete periodic  
training on the Code of  Conduct. Disciplinary  
action will be taken for non-compliance with the  
Code. Breaches of  the Code should be reported  
as described in “Reporting”.
CONSEQUENCES FOR FAILING  
TO COMPLY
All Code violations will be treated seriously and 
appropriate disciplinary action will be taken where 
necessary . This action may include, but is not 
limited to, training, coaching, written warnings  
and termination of  employment.SCOPE
4
c o d e  o f c o n d u c ts c o p eROLES & ACCOUNTABILITIESIntroduction
EMPLOYEES 
New CTC Employees will be provided with a 
copy of  the Code and must acknowledge that 
they have received and read it. Employees are 
required to confirm compliance with the Code on 
an annual basis, ask questions when unclear about 
their responsibilities or the appropriateness of  a 
particular action, and report any actual or potential 
breach of  this Code immediately .
MANAGERS
Managers have additional responsibilities to  
be aware of  and communicate applicable laws,  
regulatory requirements and internal policies, 
procedures and processes, and to manage and  
supervise Employees so that the law, regulatory 
requirements, this Code and other internal policies, 
procedures and processes are followed. 
Managers must also respond to questions from 
Employees, seek guidance if  they are uncertain  
of  the answer, and report any actual or potential  
breach of  the Code.EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT AND  
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Chief Executive Officer , the Chief  
Corporate Officer  and the Board of  
Directors have additional responsibilities.
The Chief Executive Officer  has overall  
responsibility for enacting and publicizing the  
Code so that it is followed throughout the  
organization. The CEO also has the duty  
to report on compliance with this Code  
annually to the Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors  is responsible  
for reviewing and approving the content  
of  this Code, including the authorization  
of  any changes.
These roles and responsibilities are  
summarized in a table on the following page.
5
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tr o l e s  a n d  a c c o u n t a b i l i t i e sRoles /
AccountabilitiesIndependent 
Contractors Employees ManagersBU & 
Support 
Function  
ExecutivesChief  
Corporate 
OfficerChief  
Executive 
OfficerBoard of  
Directors
Understand,  
Follow & 
Acknowledge
Seek Advice
Report Violations
Answer Questions
Report on 
Compliance
Approve Changes 
& Communicate
ROLES & ACCOUNTABILITIESIntroduction
6
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tr o l e s  a n d  a c c o u n t a b i l i t i e sTHE CANADIAN TIRE COMMITMENTS
Our Commitments reflect our values and form the foundation for how we  
go about business and how we interact with internal and external stakeholders. 
Living up to our Commitments is an important part of  meeting  
our Company goals, safeguarding our reputation and maintaining  
customer trust.
Commitment 1
WE TREAT OTHERS AS WE WOULD LIKE TO BE TREATED
Commitment 2
WE SAFEGUARD OUR COMPANY ASSETS, INFORMATION 
AND REPUTATION
Commitment 3
WE CONDUCT OUR BUSINESS HONESTLY AND WITH INTEGRITY
Commitment 4
WE CONTRIBUTE TO THE COMMUNITIES IN WHICH WE OPERATEIntroduction
7
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tt h e  c a n a d i a n  t i r e  c o m m i t m e n t sAn inclusive work environment is one that respects and promotes equal 
opportunity and is free from discrimination.
EXAMPLES OF DISCRIMINATION  
AND HARASSMENT 
Sending an email with sexually  
suggestive comments
Spreading false or malicious  
rumours about a team member 
Causing or threatening physical  
injury to another
Not selecting a candidate because  
of their ageCommitment 1
WE TREAT OTHERS AS WE WOULD LIKE TO BE TREATED
As an equal opportunity employer, discrimination 
of  any kind, abuse, harassment, bullying or any 
form of  disrespectful or inappropriate behavior 
towards our Employees, suppliers, customers 
or others will not be tolerated. All Employees 
are expected to treat others with respect and 
professionalism. 
Harassment, including sexual harassment, is a  
form of  discrimination. Harassment means any 
conduct, comment or gesture that is inappropriate 
and likely to:
Reasonably cause offence or humiliation to 
any employee or customer
Reasonably be perceived as placing a 
condition of a discriminatory nature on 
employment or employment opportunities 
such as training or promotionWORKPLACE HEALTH AND SAFETY
CTC will provide a healthy , safe workplace for its 
Employees in accordance with the applicable local 
laws and regulations.
Workplace safety is a collective responsibility and 
all Employees should follow health and safety 
procedures detailed as part of  Business Unit 
procedures and under CTC’s Occupational 
Health & Safety Policy . Any safety violations  
are to be reported pursuant to the requirements  
of  this Policy .
8
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tw o r k p l a c e  h e a l t h  a n d  s a f e t yDRUG, ALCOHOL AND CANNABIS 
CONSUMPTION
The possession, solicitation or use of  illegal drugs, 
or being under the influence of  any impairing 
drugs while at work is prohibited and will not be 
tolerated. Being under the influence of  alcohol, 
cannabis or similar substances that would impair 
your ability to carry out duties at work or drinking 
alcohol or using such substances on CTC property 
is forbidden.
Employees of  legal drinking age may consume 
alcoholic beverages at CTC-sponsored events if  the 
consumption of  alcohol is approved in advance by 
a Business Unit Executive or the senior individual 
sponsoring the event. 
TREATING OUR CUSTOMERS RIGHT
CTC values the trust our customers and Dealers  
have placed in CTC. Employees must undertake 
their activities in a customer-centric manner and 
strive to provide exceptional service. Customer 
complaints will be investigated promptly .PRODUCT SAFETY
All products sold at CTC must meet safety and 
quality standards under applicable laws and 
regulations. Our large network of  suppliers means 
we have to make sure they adhere to product 
health and safety requirements. Employees with 
responsibilities for health and safety standards for 
products must take steps to ensure that  
they comply with these requirements. 
FAIR HOURS AND WAGES
CTC will comply with applicable laws and 
regulations on appropriate wages and working 
hours covering the following key areas:
Rest breaks
Days of rest 
Overtime pay
Minimum wage requirements
Hours for minors and child labour laws
CTC will manage pay and working hours 
requirements under Human Resources policies.RESPECT IN THE WORKPLACECommitment 1
WE TREAT OTHERS AS WE WOULD LIKE TO BE TREATED
9
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tr e s p e c t  i n t h e  w o r k p l a c eCommitment 2
WE SAFEGUARD OUR COMPANY ASSETS, INFORMATION 
AND REPUTATION
All Employees who provide inputs for, prepare 
and/or disseminate public disclosures (for example 
the Annual Report) have a legal and ethical duty 
to ensure that the disclosure is full, fair, accurate, 
timely , and understandable. 
Employees should not communicate with the public 
through public channels such as Social Media  as 
part of  their CTC employment. Only designated 
spokespeople are permitted to disclose non-public 
information or material about CTC to media, 
suppliers, competitors, investors, and/or customers. COMMUNICATING WITH THE PUBLIC
All Employees who are invited to participate in a speaking engagement 
or panel discussion at an external conference, seminar or workshop must 
receive approval from the Business Unit Executive and Head of  Corporate 
Communications prior to accepting the invitation.BRAND AND REPUTATION
External requests for information, for example 
from the media, must be directed to our Media 
Hotline  (mediainquiries@cantire.com  
or 416-480-8453).
Please refer to CTC’s Employee Social Media 
Guidelines  for more information.
1 0
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tb r a n d  a n d  r e p u t a t i o nUSING COMPANY E-MAIL
When using Company e-mail, we should consider 
the following guiding principles:
E-mail must be written in a businesslike 
manner and be free of obscene,  
harassing, threatening or otherwise 
offensive language.
E-mail communications should be 
professional and reflect the business 
standards of CTC.
Protect the privacy and security of all  
personal information. 
All efforts should be made to protect  
restricted and confidential information.
Please refer to CTC’s Email Management 
Standard  for more information. AUTHORIZED PERSONS
Only the following spokespersons, or persons they  
designate, are authorized to speak on behalf  of  
CTC, unless otherwise permitted:
The Chairman of the Board
The Chief Executive Officer 
The Chief Financial Officer
Head of Corporate Communications 
Head of Investor RelationsCommitment 2
WE SAFEGUARD OUR COMPANY ASSETS, INFORMATION 
AND REPUTATION
1 1
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tb r a n d  a n d  r e p u t a t i o nDispose of physical information in 
confidential shredding bins
Lock and secure confidential information 
Do not attach unauthorized personal 
devices to CTC’s network and do not 
download CTC data onto removable  
storage devices such as USB and Flash 
drives – unless you are approved to do  
so by your Manager
Do not forward CTC data to personal  
email accounts
Return CTC property on termination of 
employment, including cell phones, laptops  
and security badges
Do not open email attachments or pop-ups 
from unknown or suspicious sources
Do not share ‘trade secrets’ outside of CTCCONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
CYBER SECURITY AND  
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
It is the responsibility of  every employee to protect 
personal and Company information. We must 
protect information, physical (such as paper) 
and electronic (such as email, customer data) in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations 
including standards in our Cyber Security 
Polic y. Employees should consider the following 
guiding principles when dealing with personal and 
Company information. Commitment 2
WE SAFEGUARD OUR COMPANY ASSETS, INFORMATION 
AND REPUTATION
1 2
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tc o n f i d e n t i a l  i n f o r m a t i o nPRIVACY AND INFORMATION 
MANAGEMENT
Personal information about customers,  
Employees, and suppliers must be collected  
and processed in accordance with applicable 
privacy laws and regulations.
Access information for business  
purposes only 
Only store personal and business  
data for as long as needed
Be aware of information classifications 
within CTC including highly sensitive  
data such as medical information
Familiarize yourself with CTC’s privacy 
policy  and procedures 
Refer to CTC’s Cyber S ecurity Policy , Privacy 
Policy and Employee Privacy Policy  for 
further guidance.EXAMPLE OF PRIVACY BREACH
Without consent, a Manager told his 
entire team about a team member's 
long term medical condition during a 
period of extended sick leave.Commitment 2
WE SAFEGUARD OUR COMPANY ASSETS, INFORMATION 
AND REPUTATION
1 3
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tc o n f i d e n t i a l  i n f o r m a t i o nREPORTING INTEGRITY AND 
RELIABILITY OF BUSINESS 
TRANSACTIONS
CTC is required under laws and 
regulations and generally accepted 
accounting principles to keep 
books, records and accounts that 
accurately reflect all transactions 
and to have in place an adequate 
system of  internal accounting  
and controls. 
EXAMPLES OF FINANCIAL  
REPORTING BREACH
Due to a challenging quarter for retail 
sales, a Manager asks his direct report 
to adjust performance figures to 
improve the financial outlook.
A large invoice is received for services 
from a CTC supplier. In a bid to make 
CTC's financial position look better, 
the Manager withholds the invoice for 
a period of time.FINANCIAL REPORTING
Activities not in line with CTC’s standards  
on financial reporting:
Improperly accelerating or deferring 
expenses or revenues to achieve  
financial results 
Maintaining any undisclosed or unrecorded 
funds, accounts or "off the books" amounts
Establishing improper, misleading, 
incomplete or fraudulent accounting 
documentation or financial reporting
Making any payment for purposes other 
than those described in the documents 
supporting the payment 
Submitting or approving any expense 
report where the employee knows  
or suspects that any portion of the  
underlying expenses were not incurred,  
are not accurate or are not in compliance 
with CTC’s expense policies
Signing any documents believed  
to be inaccurate or untruthfulCommitment 3
WE CONDUCT OUR BUSINESS HONESTLY AND WITH INTEGRITY
1 4
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tf i n a n c i a l  r e p o r t i n gINSIDER TRADING
Trading in (buying or selling) CTC or related 
company stocks or other securities on the basis 
of  material, non-public information or inside 
information is illegal and strictly prohibited. 
Inside information is any material, non-public 
information that could reasonably be expected  
to affect the value of  an investment and is likely 
to be considered important when making an 
investment decision. 
TIPPING
Tipping which involves sharing inside information 
so others can trade in stocks or other securities is 
also illegal and prohibited.
If  you are aware of  inside information about CTC  
or any other company , including our suppliers, you  
are prohibited from trading directly or indirectly ,  
or tipping others to trade in stock or other securities  
of  that company . 
These same restrictions apply to any person living  
in your household or who is financially dependent  
upon you. ILLEGAL ACTIVITIES
Please refer to CTC’s Securities Trading  
and Reporting Corporate Directive  for 
further guidance.
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING (AML)
CTC is required to comply with applicable AML  
laws and regulations. Money laundering is the 
concealment of  the origins of  illegally obtained money . 
CTC requires all Employees to be alert to activities 
potentially indicative of  money laundering, including:
Volume purchases of prepaid products such 
as gift cards or large cash transactions
A customer or other third party who is 
reluctant to provide complete information, 
provides false or suspicious information,  
or is anxious to avoid reporting or 
recordkeeping requirements 
Unusual domestic or foreign fund  
transfers that indicate scam activities  
or fraudulent schemes 
Structuring a transaction to avoid  
reporting requirements, such as  
conducting multiple transactions  
below reportable threshold amountsCommitment 3
WE CONDUCT OUR BUSINESS HONESTLY AND WITH INTEGRITY
1 5
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tf r a u dand foreign. All Employees and Independent 
Contractors working on behalf  of  the Company 
must know and comply with all laws, regulations 
and policies applicable in those jurisdictions.
RESPONSIBLE ADVERTISING
The way we present and market our products is key 
to CTC’s success. However, we must do this in a 
way that is fair and representative of  the products 
and services we offer. We must make sure that 
advertising and media communications are honest, 
responsible and fair.
We must not misrepresent product prices, features,  
and availability and we must clearly state the 
conditions of  offers.FAIR COMPETITION AND ACQUIRING 
COMPETITIVE INTELLIGENCE
We are committed to complying with all applicable 
competition, fair dealing and antitrust laws applicable 
to CTC. These laws help protect competition and 
the fair operation of  markets while promoting honest 
sales, advertising and marketing practices. 
In doing so, we will thrive as a Company and 
continue to help our customers enjoy their jobs and 
joys of  life. Further information on applicable laws 
can be obtained from CTC’s Legal team.
We must not manipulate or misrepresent facts and 
always be protective of  confidential information of  
other parties. Competitive intelligence must only be 
gained through ethical and legal means.
GENERAL COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS 
AND REGULATIONS
Every Employee has an obligation to be aware 
of  and to comply with all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and Company policies that apply to our 
business operations, and in particular, those which 
impact our roles within such business areas.  
We operate in many jurisdictions, both domestic COMPETITION
EXAMPLE OF A  
COMPETITION BREACH
A staff member has a friend who 
works at one of CTC's competitors. 
The staff member read recently that 
the competitor is a potential buyer for 
a new sportswear company. The staff 
member promises to buy her friend 
lunch if she tells her details about  
the acquisition.Commitment 3
WE CONDUCT OUR BUSINESS HONESTLY AND WITH INTEGRITY
1 6
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tc o m p e t i t i o nCONFLICTS OF INTERESTCommitment 3
WE CONDUCT OUR BUSINESS HONESTLY AND WITH INTEGRITY
GENERAL
Personal interests or relationships should not influence one’s ability to make 
honest and ethical business decisions in the best interests of  CTC. A conflict 
of  interest can happen when a judgment could be influenced, or might 
appear to be influenced, by the possibility of  personal benefit. 
OTHER EMPLOYMENT
Employees must not perform any paid services for a 
competitor. Employees must not be part of  outside 
business activities which create a conflict of  interest 
with their work at CTC. In practice, this means the 
outside business activity cannot be similar in nature 
to your role at CTC, benefit from the use of  CTC 
assets or intellectual property or negatively impact 
CTC’s reputation and brand.
INTERNAL REPORTING 
All personal or family relationships, and business 
interests, that may impact an Employee’s ability to  
make honest and impartial decisions should be 
disclosed. Efforts to prevent a direct reporting 
relationship between relatives must be made and 
discussed with Human Resources in advance.RELATIONSHIPS WITH SUPPLIERS
Employees should not have social or other  
relationships with suppliers if  the relationship  
would give the perception that a business  
influence is being exerted. Relationships with 
suppliers should be based on fair and lawful 
business practices. 
The selection of  suppliers must be made on  
the basis of  objective criteria, including, integrity , 
quality , price, delivery , product suitability , 
maintenance of  adequate sources of  supply ,  
and CTC’s purchasing practices and procedures.
1 7
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tc o n f l i c t s  o f i n t e r e s tGIFTS AND ENTERTAINMENT
Accepting gifts or other entertainment gratuities (for example, tickets to a 
sporting event) might be perceived by our customers, suppliers and other 
Employees as a potential conflict of  interest.
GIFTS TO GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS 
There are regulations governing the acceptance of  
gifts by elected officials and public office holders. 
Therefore, any gifts to such individuals must be 
cleared through the Public Affairs team. CONFLICTS OF INTERESTCommitment 3
WE CONDUCT OUR BUSINESS HONESTLY AND WITH INTEGRITY
Gifts and entertainment gratuities above  
CAD$200 (or its equivalent in the jurisdiction  
of  the operations) must be politely declined  
and returned.
There may be circumstances that justify an 
exception; these must be approved by a  
Senior Executive.Attendance at vendor sponsored events  
(e.g. sporting and cultural events) should be 
occasional and authorized by a Senior Executive 
and reported to the TEO.
Gifts of  cash or cash equivalents (i.e., vouchers)  
can never be accepted.
1 8
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tc o n f l i c t s  o f i n t e r e s tGENERAL
CTC takes pride in being a core part of  communities in which we operate 
and is committed to giving back to these communities. Key principles that 
guide our efforts include:
Supporting Canadian Tire Jumpstart Charities
Supporting  the communities in which we operate globally
CHARITABLE DONATIONS 
While it is acceptable to solicit support for CTC’s 
charities of  choice from our Employees, suppliers 
and other key stakeholders, Employees are not 
allowed to solicit support for any other personal 
charitable activities unless approved by a Business 
Unit Executive.
Suppliers and business partner decisions 
regarding charitable support must not  
influence normal business dealings
Employees must not commit CTC to a  
charitable donation of any kind without 
appropriate prior approval
CTC’s Donations Policy  provides further guidance.CHARITIESCommitment 4
WE CONTRIBUTE TO THE COMMUNITIES IN WHICH WE OPERATE
1 9
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tc h a r i t i e sPOLITICAL ACTIVITY  
 
The Public Affairs team manages all politically-
associated activities within CTC and should be 
contacted in case of  any queries regarding planned 
political activities. Some guiding principles for 
political activities are detailed below.
Only permitted Employees  can represent 
CTC’s interests with elected officials and 
non-elected public office holders
Business issues requiring contact and/
or communication with any level of 
government, should be discussed and 
approved by the Public Affairs team
Employees cannot use job titles or 
Company affiliation in connection  
with personal political activities 
Corporate funds shall not be provided  
to political organizationsENVIRONMENT AND 
SUSTAINABILITY 
CTC will conduct business in a socially responsible 
and ethical manner.
CTC engages in a number of  environmental 
initiatives to avoid the emission of  greenhouse 
gases and help our customers avoid emissions, 
develop sustainable products and minimize waste. 
We promote the well-being of  workers in our 
supply chain and the well-being of  our customers 
by , among other things, eliminating and replacing 
harmful chemicals with better alternatives where 
possible, and we create an inclusive culture for  
those who face physical, mental, and social 
economic barriers. 
Employees are expected to be aware of  and support 
CTC sustainability initiatives that apply to their 
roles and areas of  responsibility . Commitment 4
WE CONTRIBUTE TO THE COMMUNITIES IN WHICH WE OPERATE
2 0
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tp o l i t i c a l  a c t i v i t y  |  e n v i r o n m e n t  a n d  s u s t a i n a b i l i t yReporting
WHO TO CONTACT
 
TEO HOTLINE 
Website:  www.canadiantire.ethicspoint.com
Phone:  
Toll-free (Canada and U.S.): 1-800-620-6943  
Toll-free (Southern China): 10-800-120-1239  
Toll-free (Northern China): 10-800-712-1239
 
THE TEO
Email: TEO@cantire.com  
Phone: 416-480-8202
 
MAIL:
CTC Triangle Ethics Office  
2180 Yonge Street  
Box 770, Station K  
Toronto, Ontario M4P 2V8 
Envelope should be marked as  
“Personal & Confidential:  
To Be Opened Only by Addressee”OBLIGATION TO REPORT  
 
Employees are expected to bring forward all Code-
related concerns. The Code requires all Employees, 
Directors of  CTC and Independent Contractors to 
report, in good faith, any activity that appears to be 
in breach of  the Code.
Any complaint or concern around the Code 
of  Conduct can be reported to your Manager, 
your Manager’s Manager, or Human Resources 
representative, Triangle Ethics Office, Senior Vice 
President Internal Audit, General Counsel, CEO, 
Chair of  the Audit Committee or the Chairman  
of  the Board.
All breaches must be reported to the Triangle 
Ethics Office (TEO)  or the TEO Hotline . Such 
reporting can be done anonymously .
2 1
c o d e  o f c o n d u c to b l i g a t i o n  t o r e p o r t  Reporting
INVESTIGATION AND PENALTIES 
Investigations of  potential violations of  the Code 
are handled confidentially , respectfully , and lawfully . 
All Employees are expected to fully cooperate  
when responding to an investigation or audit,  
or to inquiries that are conducted by CTC.
WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION
Information regarding Employees reporting code 
violations will, to the extent possible, remain 
confidential. CTC will not tolerate any  
retaliation for reports made in good faith. 
Employees will not be penalized for inquiring about 
and/or reporting, in good faith, suspected unethical 
behavior or for seeking guidance on how to handle  
Code violations or suspected illegal acts. CTC will  
not tolerate any retaliation for any such inquiries.IMMEDIATELY REPORTABLE 
CRITERIA
Employees may raise concerns regarding ethical 
conduct that may violate the Code of  Conduct 
through the TEO as detailed on the previous page. 
However, there are certain types of  allegations that 
must immediately be reported to the TEO.
Providing, offering, promising, requesting,  
or receiving any improper or unearned  
benefit (bribery)
Interfering with audits or internal controls
Falsifying, misrepresenting, or destroying 
financial records, or improperly concealing  
or altering financial records
Information system hacking
Conduct involving an employee maliciously 
gaining unauthorized access to company or 
customer information 
Price fixing, market or customer  
division or allocation, or other anti-
competitive practices
Insider trading 
Money laundering
2 2
c o d e  o f c o n d u c ti m m e d i a t e l y  r e p o r t a b l e  c r i t e r i a  Where to go for Guidance
COMMUNITY RELATED  
OR POLITICAL ACTIVITY  
Canadian Tire Corporation  
Communications Department  
Head of Corporate Communications
HUMAN RESOURCES  
RELATED MATTERS 
Canadian Tire Corporation  
Human Resources Department  
Head of Human Resources
FRAUD OR CRIMINAL MATTERS
Internal Audit  
Chief Internal Audit
Corporate Security   
Head of Corporate Security  
General CounselCOMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND  
REGULATIONS OR LEGAL 
Canadian Tire Corporation Legal Department  
General CounselCONTACT INFORMATION  
Code violations should be reported to the TEO, but if  you would prefer to 
make contact with another team you can contact any of  the following.
2 3
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tc o n t a c t  i n f o r m a t i o nGlossary
“Triangle Ethics Office”  is the office established 
by the Chief  Corporate Officer to oversee the 
implementation and maintenance of, and compliance 
with, the Ethical Business Conduct Policy , the Codes 
and the Triangle Ethics Office Directive.
“Business Partner”  for the purpose of  this 
Code, refers to any person or entity that has 
or potentially has an alliance, contractual or 
otherwise, with the Company , and includes 
Independent Contractors and Suppliers.
“Business Unit”  refers to any of  Canadian Tire 
Retail, Canadian Tire Petroleum, PartSource, 
Canadian Tire Financial Services, Mark’s,  
FGL Sports Ltd, Helly Hansen and Musto.
“Company”  refers to Canadian Tire 
Corporation, Limited, its divisions and  
subsidiaries that it controls.
“Corporate Function”  refers to:
a. Canadian Tire Real Estate
b. Communications
c. Corporate Strategy
d. Dealer Relations
e. Finance
f. Human Resources
g. Information Technology
h. Legal
i. Risk and Regulatory 
j. Supply Chain
k. Treasury“Director”  refers to Members of  the Board of  
Directors of  Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited  
and Canadian Tire Bank
“Employee”  for the purpose of  this Code, refers 
to a person hired by the Company on a full-time, 
part-time or contract basis through the Company’s 
Human Resources department.  It does not include 
individuals who are employed through a staffing 
services agency or Independent Contractors.
“Independent Contractor”  for the purposes 
of  this Code, refers to a person hired through a 
consulting arrangement wherein a Business Unit  
or Corporate Function is invoiced directly by  
the person.
2 4
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tg l o s s a r yRelated Policies
Policy Contact Details
1 Competition Law Policy General Counsel 
2 Disclosure Corporate Operating Directive General Counsel
3 Donations Policy Head of  Communications
4 Email Management Standard Information Governance
5 Employee Privacy Policy Head of  Regulatory Affairs
6 Employee Social Media Guidelines Head of  Communications
7 Cyber Security Policy Chief  Information Security Officer
8 Occupational Health and Safety Head of  Human Resources
9 Prevention of  Discrimination, Harassment and Sexual Harassment Head of  Human Resources
10 Prevention of  Violence in the Workplace Head of  Human Resources
11 Privacy Policy Head of  Regulatory Affairs
12 Securities Trading and Reporting Corporate Operating Directive General Counsel
13 Supplier Code of  Conduct Head of  Regulatory Affairs
14 Travel and Expense Management Policy T&E Administration Team
15 Technology Acceptable Use Policy Chief  Information Security Officer
16 Workplace Impairment Guidelines Head of  Human Resources
1
2 5
c o d e  o f c o n d u c tr e l a t e d  p o l i c i e sAcknowledgement and 
Confirmation of the Code   
I acknowledge and confirm that I have read and understood the Canadian Tire Code of  Conduct and that I 
am responsible for compliance with the Code.
The acceptance of  this Code is also an acceptance that I have read and agree to the terms of  our policies.
Employee Name
Employee Signature Date
2 6
c o d e  o f c o n d u c ta c k n o w l e d g e m e n tThis version of  the  
CTC Code of  Conduct 
was published on  
May 14, 2020.
The online version of  
the Code, available at 
www.canadiantire.ca is 
the most up-to-date, and 
supersedes prior versions. 